Table:	student bio
first name - string
last name - string
email address - string
cnic - integer
dob - date
contact no - integer
home addresss - string
nationality - string
roll no - string
cgpa - float
degree -string
semester - integer
campus - string
batch - integer
dc - integer
warning count - integer
section - character
password - string

Table: Marks
roll number - string
course name - string
section - character
semester - integer
quiz01 - float
assignment01 - float
mid01 - float
quiz02 - float
assignment02 - float
mid02 - float
project - float
final - float
grand total - float

Table: Attendence
roll number - string
course name - string
section - character
semester - integer
Date - date
Presence - character

Table: Transcript
roll number - string
semester - integer
course name - string
course grade - string
sgpa - float
cgpa - float

Table: Course
semester - integer
course name - string

Table: Teacher Bio
first name - string
last name - string
email address - string
teacherID - string
cnic - integer
dob - date
contact no - integer
home address - string
nationality - string
qualification - string
position string
degree - string
campus - string
password - string

Table: Assigned courses
teacherID - string
course - string
section - character
semester - integer